Hello here and now I will be back
once käppi and there is another
change on the pda off topic of the
jumps testserver again all the way ahead
Changes here do not have to
be one hundred percent official for that
is from testserver but that's all
planned it will be a new item on the
holy visa or also known under the
ara map will be a new item you will see
I have a nice frosting ball around
a character around it is created
through the new item viz popov winter
that's 70 magic resistance 20 lives
regeneration per 5 seconds and gives her
a sign that is now 60 tall and
because the shield is destroyed and me
nine seconds a child is war on that
shield is working again
so passively passive
which is pretty cool especially if you
then play along yourself and then the item
then one has a double on it
sign in any case is pretty cool
and the higher level is the higher
is also the shield what you absorbed
I believe this can be up to 200 high
will go ahead shows that
it will be built from a small one
life regeneration ball one more
small life regeneration ball i
I know the names as you see
you built here out of the two and one
major or 40 magician is it brings and
the total cost of items back 2080
so it is actually relatively cheap and
had a pretty good effect especially
it is company greed it is needed
Now I leave the sign very short
explode to look like the whole
but looks generally it is now clear
gives new item you know like it
you know how much it works
costs and that it is about as
mostly passive now you can see here
the cool down now nine seconds and
then the sign will be right back
built up if the minions do not me
easy race looks all the time and
there it is rebuilt so that is
a new item as cool as I think
try it out so that's live on
the servers and i hope i could
inform you a bit
and would say until next time
also a mister michael p